PK first let's have a look at the number
it's rather startling your ice time
tonight 35-21 which is a career high for
you and the most any player has played
in the league this season start the
second period get a shift that was four
minutes and two seconds long you at no
point looked fatigued am I correct in
saying you don't even think about time
you just play no you know I've always
said to my my coaches I I just want to
play as much as I can I know it's
hockey's a team sport so you got to
share the ice time but I mean there's
times where I don't even want to get off
the ice you know I just want to try to
help my team win and I mean if I play
five minutes so I play 35 I'm just gonna
try and do the best that I can to try to
help the team all right how about this
game you're well aware of the buzz
around town and there's a lot of it when
the least come to Montreal did this game
measure up yeah you know what personally
I knew that they were going to come in
here and play a good game obviously we
know that they've had an up-and-down
season and there's been some tough games
for them some tough times but coming
into here I knew he's gonna be sort of a
playoff atmosphere and there's gonna be
a lot of energy in the building and you
got to give him credit they did
everything well tonight so you know they
deserve the win just as much as we did
we're just happy to have it your take on
carey price's night we've made the point
during the broadcast tonight that his
game seems to have gone to another level
since his performance in the Sochi
Olympics you buy that yeah I mean I
that's why I call him carry cash price
he's all money in these big games so you
know we can we can rely on him to shut
the door and he knows when to do it and
he saw confident he was in the shootout
we just knew that he was gonna stop one
and one got by him he probably would
like to have that one back I think it
was kind of a lucky goal but he's been
strong all year and in my opinion he's
been the best goalie in the league
between he and peccary night but you
know he's the guy listen PK there's not
much you can't do including broadcast so
take the mic ok and now take us through
your highlights tonight you call the
play here well you know Scott oak PK
subban he's had an up-and-down season
here and Michelle Terri Ann is really
stressed about PK get those pucks eep
and you know play within yourself but
tonight I thought he just kept the game
simple
and no even chipped in with an assistant
power-play they're finished a couple of
his checks a couple times you got
undressed in the d-zone but you know
what it happens it's a long game a good
five minutes they saw a little slide but
uh you know other than that it's
Valentine's Day so you know a lot of
love from for DJ out there I'm sorry to
say that's just too good and Healy and I
won't be working much longer at that
rate thanks a lot you guys are nice of
you to say even if you don't really mean
it no I do i do see you guys he's got XP
caretaker